-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Minutes   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Iteration 1 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Date     |   Activity   |  Comments
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  24/09/2021 |  Discussion  | Went through assignment spec together in the lab.
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  27/09/2021 |  Discussion  | - Went through auth functions and tests as a group. Merged it to master
             |              | - Fixed and updated the issues board
             |              | - Discussed roles in upcoming channel and channels implementations and test
             |              | - Made sure everyone is on track and has the updated code
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  01/10/2021 |  Coding      | - Checked on progress of channels and channel functions 
  02/10/2021 |  Coding      | - Bug fixing and pair coding session 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Iteration 2 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Date     |   Activity   |  Comments
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  14/10/2021 |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about iteration 2 functions
             |              | - Discussed plan to split iteration two into two parts, phase 1 and phase 2.
             |              |   With Phase 1 containing plans to wrap the old functions with inclusion of new channel and message 
             |              |   Phase 2 being the new user, dms and admins functions
             |              | - Brief run down of new specs.
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Once all lecture material of relevant topics come out, allocation of phase 1 functions will begin
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  15/10/2021 |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about marks regarding iteration 1
             |              | - Discussed fixing all of iteration 1 before being iteration 2 phase 1
             |              | - Allocated work to each member for phase 1  
             |              | - Discussed using Jira instead of Git for issue board and task tracking 
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Get all iteration 1 fixed and have phase1 done by the next leaderboard
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 19/10/2021  |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about phase 1 progress
             |              | - Discussed everyones progress on wrapping their functions and testing them
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Get phase1 done, and being phase 2 
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 21/10/2021  |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about phase 2
             |              | - Discussed the completion and coverage on phase 1
             |              | - Allocated work for each member in phase 2
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Get phase2 done by the last leaderboard check
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
23/10/2021   |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about completion of phase 2 and current leaderboard standing
             |              | - Discussed errors that are still present and functions that need to be fully implementated
             |              | - Discussed styling format and docstring everyone will follow
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Finialise iteration 2 and complete styling for due date
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Iteration 3 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Date     |   Activity   |  Comments
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  29/10/2021 |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about iteration 2 functions fixing 
             |              | - Discussed plan to fix the current issues of iter2
             |              |   With all the functions that had issues listed on our discussion forum 
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Once all the iter2 functions are fixed then we can get started looking at iter3
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  5/11/2021  |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about iteration 3 functions
             |              | - Discussed plans on allocating work for iteration 3
             |              | - Went through the spec as a group to understand the issues  
             |              | - Added all iteration 3 work on Jira
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Get the iteration 3 done at each member's own pace due to upcoming assessments
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  12/11/2021 |  Discussion  | Current Discussion
             |              | - General meeting about iteration 3 functions progress
             |              | - We had a standup for each member to see their progress on their allocated work
             |              | - Discussed the issues that we still need to finish 
             |              | - Progress was fine but could be much better 
             |              |   so team agreed to make sure everyone knew what they had to do in the weekends
             |              | Future plans
             |              | - Get the iteration 3 done before sunday so we can deploy and do frontend testing
-------------+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------